I have seen my dad go misty eyed at the mention of **''Sholay''**, unfortunately I grew up when the euphoria of the mega-hit had died down. But the array of self-proclaimed illegitimate violent descendants of ''Sholay'' ruled the roost in the '80s and early '90s. **''Mohra''**was perhaps the last one in the series; the non sensical bloodshed was to be wiped out forever with mushy buffoonism the very next year as **DDLJ** ran supreme in our theatres. However, for us, a bunch of 13 year olds, Mohra marked our entries into the real world, into a phase where family members were no longer a requirement for accompanying to movies, of times when we started believing that for every problem in the world there was a violent solution and an even more violent solution.
 
**Download File ✺ [https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SEG](https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SEG)**


 
I still remember those 50 bucks I had saved for weeks go into the hands of the blacker, despite our violent (like climbing on top of the guy in front of you and belting and kicking everyone in front, so that they give way) attempts at the ticket counter (and mind you, 10 years back that was a pretty normal method of obtaining tickets at my place). Like a blindfolded man, amidst thick fogs of tobacco, obnoxious urinals and creepy walls made moist by Paan spits, I entered the theater, too pride at my first solo outing. Three hours later, it had changed my life.
 
The film figured an ensemble of big names of the industry (especially all big villains, Rajiv Rai had developed a liking for villains; so much so that he had to flee because of the underworld post Gupt). It made few names bigger post the release, including all the lead actors, **Akshay, Raveena and Suneel Shetty**. Akshay Kumar had an uninhibited tendency of splitting his legs high on air, and had by now developed the alter ego of the police officer.
 
For a pretty young thing (PYT) called Raveena Tandon, the film served to boost her dominance in arousing wet feelings for the male kind. Suneel Shetty bettered his reputation from being a municipality Lamp post (danced around by skinny PYT's in **Balwan**- do any of you guys remember this film) and proved to the world that his muscles expressed more fluently than his face.
 
And the villains: I just love all of them. **Gulshan Grover (Tyson)**was terrific in his wigged blonde looks, looked insanely devilish and what dialogues ? *''Diiiirty Mind'', ''Tum to bomb nahi sex-bomb ho''*. Then **Raza Murad as Zibran** gave able company, rabbit-teethed and extremely mean. **Sadashiv Amrapurkar** (I reckon another excellent actor) appeared as the Police DIG, frustrated at his role as law enforcer sans any power.There's **Paresh Rawal,**lazy good cop turned bad cop, with usual tongue-in-cheek humour. And then there was this coterie of side kicks (did they kick some butts in this brand of movies), from the four skin heads who rape Shetty's sister to Tyson's vamp Kunika, everyone looked stupidly wicked (as they are meant to be) mouthing dialogues like ''Maar daalo sabko'', ''Zinda mat chhorna'', ''Izzat loot lo saali ki'' (pity probably those are the only lines they get in the entire movie).
 
And then there's **Nasiruddin Shah,**the one and the only one. His revelation is probably the best cinematic twist I have seen in my life and the way he squished two buffalo like brawny heroes in the finale just got me into shivers (validating my hypothesis of violent solutions). His dialogues are impeccable, classy yet extremely effective; at no point of time you start doubting his disability (at least 13 year old teenager minds could not). He carried the film single handedly on his shoulders, and became my acting god there on.

Mohra had an unusual theme, the usual cop versus bad guys story interspersed with some interesting twists and turns. For most part, it had gibberish-like insensitivity to the audience's finer tastes. So by the end of the film, you just lose count of fake bullets, sprayed tomato ketchups and wet saree pallus that the silver screen threw upon you. But for most '90s madcap violent flicks, class and norms meant very little, and every one pulled the levels down for the succeeding ones to follow. So the word ''Cheap'' actually should be removed from your sub-consciousness and probably you'll start enjoying the fare.
 
The story moves along with the good cop, Amar (Akshay) and the bunch of above mentioned villains. And yeah, clichd but like all madcap movies, his father, another police inspector was shot down by the bad guys. In comes Vishal (Shetty), bereaved of his sister who was cruelly raped and murdered by the goons. The daughter of the Jailor, Roma (Raveena) supposedly does journalism whenever she gets time-off from dancing in wet sarees.
 
Jindal (Nasiruddin Shah), the blind bohemian news paper owner encourages Vishal to revenge his sister's death by eliminating the crime from its root. Vishal obliges, the dons retract and interesting Cat and Mouse brawl ensues. In between there are clichs and hyper clichs which intensify your mundane intellectual experience. Like Suneel Shetty meaninglessly shooting down every one at sight (including researchers inside the drug factory- these guys might've been doing it out of pure need for survival) without thinking twice (the gun wins after all). To top it all, the rape scene is grotesque and the way she is murdered is appalling.
 
**Viju Shah** probably delivers his career best soundtrack. Despite cogging ''Cheez badi hai mast mast'' , most of the other tracks are immensely likeable. Especially the opening Piano piece of ''Ae kash agar aisa hota'' which moves in the background in the entire film, is a riveting piece. ''Tip tip barsa pani''- extremely well picturised, and a captivating, foot-tapping track. My favourite is however ''Na kajre ki dhaar'', really well sung by Sadhana Sargam and Pankaj Udhas.
 
Mohra was probably the last original pure violent movie; ''Hum Aapke ..'' added more saccharine in our films as songs and scenes got dominated by teenyboppers. It definitely had substance, although very crude, enough to satisfy a bunch of 13 year olds.
 
Mohra cast list, listed alphabetically with photos when available. This list of Mohra actors includes any Mohra actresses and all other actors from the film. You can view additional information about each Mohra actor on this list, such as when and where they were born. To find out more about a particular actor or actress, click on their name and you'll be taken to page with even more details about their acting career. The cast members of Mohra have been in many other movies, so use this list as a starting point to find actors or actresses that you may not be familiar with.
 
A discussion on the 90s era of Bollywood will be incomplete without the mention of Rajiv Rai. The expert filmmaker delivered two of the finest films of that decade, Mohra (1994) and Gupt (1997), and both are remembered for their plot, performances and of course the soundtrack. Both films recently had their respective anniversaries. While Mohra completed 28 years on July 1, Gupt celebrated 25 years on July 4.
 
Catch us for latest Bollywood News, New Bollywood Movies update, Box office collection, New Movies Release , Bollywood News Hindi, Entertainment News, Bollywood Live News Today & Upcoming Movies 2024 and stay updated with latest hindi movies only on Bollywood Hungama.
 
Journalist Roma Singh is the daughter of a jailer. While taking a tour of the jail, she is molested by some of the inmates, and an inmate, Vishal Agnihotri comes to her assistance. She finds out that Vishal is in for four homicides, and decides to investigate further. She finds out, with the help of the owner of her publications, Jindal that Vishal was compelled to take the law in his own hands when the courts failed to punish the assailants of his sister and sweetheart. Soon, Vishal is released from prison, and begins to work for Jindal. It is then that he realizes that he has just walked from a walled prison, to an open prison, as the truth behind his release slowly but surely starts to dawn on him.
 
One of the most iconic B movies of the 90s. Starts off with 3 r\*pe scenes in the first 25 mins (you should definitely skip) for a backstory, and then puts a murderous vigilante against an honest good cop. The outcome isn't surprising when the vigilante is proven to be more effective than this cop, but then it flips the table and reveals that his vigilantism was for the profit of Jandall, the scheming mastermind behind everything.
 
Very funny that the second highest grossing Bollywood movie of 1994 is a beat-for-beat remake of Death Wish 4: The Crackdown (not joking) with solid musical numbers sprinkled throughout, that gets to the last 15 minutes and abruptly switches to being a beat-for-beat, sometimes line-for-line remake of John Woo's Hard Boiled. The wonders of global cinema will never cease!
 
Gotta dock a lot of points here though because comedy stuff in this just brutal, we got crossdressing gags, we got blackface, we got yellowface, we got bad slapstick, etc. On top of that I think the fight sequences are merely okay, there's a lot of good movement but the choreography could use a little tightening compared to its Hong Kong contemporaries, lotta obvious air-hits in this - no complaints about the shootouts though, Bollywood squibs are pretty bitchin'
 
Any film that's starts with Paresh Rawal in drag is okay by me. This time Akshay joins forces with a sadsack vigilante, Sunil Shetty, and takes on the criminal genius who wants to be the most powerful man in the world. Raveena Tandon drives all the guys crazy and there's a good bit of action too.
 
I DID NOT KNOW that both "Tip Tip Bharsa paani" and "Cheez Badi hai masth" were in this one. This was my first time seeing the video song and they were both fucking bangers. Raveena Tandon slayed ??
 
Naseeruddin S