Therefore, you can say that the Avast secure browser will be installed without asking direct permission. The Avast secure browser is not completely useless and it works on some aspects. It includes features like anti-phishing, anti-tracking, anti-fingerprinting, Adblock, HTTPS encryption, password manager, privacy cleaner, flash blocker, hack check, and so forth.
 
**Download Zip ✯✯✯ [https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SDc](https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SDc)**


 
**Step 2:** Move to the right side of the prompted window and scroll down the content to find Avast secure browser. Then click on it and click the **Uninstall** button. Click on the **Uninstall**button in the elevated window to confirm the operation. After that, the program will be removed automatically.
 
If the Avast secure browser still appears on your computer after executing the above methods, try utilizing an Avast secure browser removal tool to uninstall it. Tools like IObit Uninstaller and CCleaner can remove Avast secure browser with ease. Download the program and install it on your computer, and then run it and follow the on-screen instruction to complete the uninstall process.
 
You can also stop Avast Secure Browser from opening automatically via the Dock. Open the browser, right-click its icon in the Dock, select **Options**, and deselect **Open at Login**.

Avast has a removal software that uninstalls the browser from your device and also gets rid of leftover files. Install the Avast Secure Browser removal tool on your PC, run it with administrative privileges and wait for the tool to load.
 
Sodiq has written thousands of tutorials, guides, and explainers over the past 4 years to help people solve problems with Android, iOS, Mac, and Windows devices. He also enjoys reviewing consumer tech products (smartphones, smart home devices, accessories, etc.) and binge-watching comedy series in his spare time. Read Sodiq's Full Bio
 
Welcome to Help Desk Geek- a blog full of tech tips from trusted tech experts. We have thousands of articles and guides to help you troubleshoot any issue. Our articles have been read over 150 million times since we launched in 2008.
 
Hello everyone. After I installed Avast a few weeks ago, somehow the Avast Secure Browser was also installed with it. Now whenever I open a link, the secure Browser opens by itself. I want to remove this browser but don't want to remove Avast. Does anyone know how I can do this? Any suggestions would be appreciated.
 
Are you one of the allegedly 400 million users of Avast antivirus products? Then I have bad news for you: you are likely being spied upon. The culprit is the Avast Online Security extension that these products urge you to install in your browser for maximum protection.
 
The data collected here goes far beyond merely exposing the sites that you visit and your search history. Tracking tab and window identifiers as well as your actions allows Avast to create a nearly precise reconstruction of your browsing behavior: how many tabs do you have open, what websites do you visit and when, how much time do you spend reading/watching the contents, what do you click there and when do you switch to another tab. All that is connected to a number of attributes allowing Avast to recognize you reliably, even a unique user identifier.
 
Of the 374 people who confirmed the accuracy of our de-anonymization attempt, 268 (72%) were the top candidate generated by the MLE, and 303 participants (81%) were among the top 15 candidates. Consistent with our simulation results, we were able to successfully de-anonymize a substantial proportion of users who contributed their web browsing histories.
 
No, the data collection is definitely unnecessary to this extent. You can see this by looking at how Google Safe Browsing works, the current approach being largely unchanged compared to how it was integrated in Firefox 2.0 back in 2006. Rather than asking a web server for each and every website, Safe Browsing downloads lists regularly so that malicious websites can be recognized locally.
 
We may collect information about the computer or device you are using, our products and services running on it, and, depending on the type of device it is, what operating systems you are using, device settings, application identifiers (AI), hardware identifiers or universally unique identifiers (UUID), software identifiers, IP Address, location data, cookie IDs, and crash data (through the use of either our own analytical tools or tolls provided by third parties, such as Crashlytics or Firebase). Device and network data is connected to the installation GUID.
 
We collect device and network data from all users. We collect and retain only the data we need to provide functionality, monitor product and service performance, conduct research, diagnose and repair crashes, detect bugs, and fix vulnerabilities in security or operations (in other words, fulfil our contract with you to provision the service).
 
We use this Clickstream Data to provide you malware detection and protection. We also use the Clickstream Data for security research into threats. We pseudonymize and anonymize the Clickstream Data and re-use it for cross-product direct marketing, cross-product development and third party trend analytics.
 
What do you mean by "It is hidden from the extension listing and cannot be uninstalled by regular means" ? How can you fully uninstall it and what is a better and safer free antivirus to use without this problem ?
 
As to better antivirus solutions: for Windows 10 it's generally recommended to use Windows Defender and to avoid installing third-party antivirus software. If you uninstall Avast, Windows Defender should take over again.
 
Does this also apply to Avast Free Antivirus? The Free Antivirus can notify me of malicious websites I visit (even though there is a lot of false positives) without a browser extension in place. My guess is yes this also applies but does anyone know for sure?
 
I don't know for sure. I'd assume that the main antivirus application respects its own "don't collect any data" setting, so that you are fine as long as you don't install browser extensions. But that isn't something I can verify.
 
Hi Mr Wladimir Palant, I have removed all avast products, Avast Anti Virus, Avast Secure Browser, Avast online security.Now I don't know what anti virus I should use. I tried Kaspersky Cloud Security and I have read your topic about Kaspersky, -kaspersky-vulnerabilities-uninstalling-extensions-user-tracking-predictable-links/so I removed Kaspersky Cloud Security.What anti virus do you recommend? I loved Avast a lot , but after the bad news , I am afraid of using their anti virus although it is good, but who knows if it spies on people or not.So can you please tell me what anti virus you recommend?Thank You Very Much, Sir.
 
Ok, I guess I don't have a choice except Avast again,.......but this time I won't allow it to send data from my pc, .....Or maybe it sends data without my permission....Who knows.But I am not sure if I will come back to Avast or not .... I will think......Thank You.
 
Well done for exposing this bad practice. Have you also looked at the next 4bn data Unicorn SimilarWeb? They seem to gather their data via an SDK that other browser extensions install (and pay them) and of course consumes have no idea their data is being harvested this way!
 
Hello, thank you for this detailed review. I'm not sure if you have info and recommendations for Mac users, though, but would be appreciative if you could comment. I've been using the free version of Avast Security, but would prefer not to help the company monetize my data without my express permission. I tried the free Avira software, but unfortunately had to choose one or the other due to incompatibility issues, so I stuck with the devil I know. Should I switch back to Avira for Mac (free)? The following article was detailed but ultimately assumed a higher familiarity with antivirus software than I possess: -antivirus-software/avira-vs-avast/I'd be thankful for your take.
 
Have you ever wondered exactly how professionals **uninstall Avast Secure Browser** on Windows PC? Have you been looking for a guide that tells you all the basics of removing a program? If so then you are going to find this guide absolutely right for you.
 
I believe that you have been always experiencing the same thing that a variety of advertising websites track our every move while browsing online and bombard us with some relevant ads at the expense of our privacy. Identify theft and hackers are also always trying to steal our confidential data and even hack our banking accounts for their own gain. So, how to stay anonymous online and safeguard our online privacy against security attacks and Hackers? A safe and private web browser is a choice. If you have used Avast security program for a long time, then you mustn't feel strange with Avast Secure Browser.
 
Avast Secure Browser is a private web browser that claims to be up to 4x faster than others, right for those people who want to browse webs at a blindingly fast speed. In terms of security issues, Avast Secure Browser also devotes itself to protect every user's privacy from attacks. It will block all intrusive online ads in automatic, so every user can browse online or search expected results without having to be interrupted. It will strengthen the security when you shop on any websites, and the banking data will be protected securely. It will prevent hackers from stealing your confidential data and use encryption to secure sensitive data, all potential security threats and downloads will be blocked automatically.
 
Every month, our team analyzes and shares programs based on what users are looking to uninstall from their Windows-based PCs. Today, we introduce how to uninstall Avast Secure Browser from Windows, the main goal is to help users to troubleshoot